--- Page 1 --- 1 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM KEY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM HDFC Large Cap Fund (Formerly known as HDFC Top 100 Fund) An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks This product is suitable for investors who are seeking*: Scheme Riskometer# Benchmark Riskometer# - to generate long-term capital appreciation / income - investments predominantly in Large-Cap companies NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) (as per AMFI Tier I Benchmark) *Investors should consult their financial advisers, if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them. #As on March 31, 2025. For latest riskometer, investors may refer to the Monthly Portfolios disclosed on the website of the Fund viz. www.hdfcfund.com Continuous Offer of Units at NAV based prices Name of Mutual Fund (Fund): HDFC Mutual Fund Name of Asset Management Company (AMC): HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Name of Trustee Company: HDFC Trustee Company Limited Address of the entities: Asset Management Company (AMC): HDFC Asset Management Company Limited ed Office: HDFC House, 2nd Floor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. CIN No: L65991MH1999PLC123027 Trustee Company: HDFC Trustee Company Limited ed Office: HDFC House, 2nd Floor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. CIN No. U65991MH1999PLC123026 Website of the entities: www.hdfcfund.com This Key Information Memorandum (KIM) sets forth the information, which a prospective investor ought to know before investing. For further details of the scheme/Mutual Fund, due diligence certificate by the AMC, Key Personnel, investors’ rights & services, risk factors, penalties & --- Table 1 (Page 1) --- This product is suitable for investors who are seeking*: | Scheme Riskometer# | Benchmark Riskometer# - to generate long-term capital appreciation / income - investments predominantly in Large-Cap companies | | NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) (as per AMFI Tier I Benchmark) *Investors should consult their financial advisers, if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them. #As on March 31, 2025. For latest riskometer, investors may refer to the Monthly Portfolios disclosed on the website of the Fund viz. www.hdfcfund.com --- Table 2 (Page 1) --- Name of Mutual Fund (Fund): HDFC Mutual Fund Name of Asset Management Company (AMC): HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Name of Trustee Company: HDFC Trustee Company Limited Address of the entities: Asset Management Company (AMC): HDFC Asset Management Company Limited ed Office: HDFC House, 2nd Floor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. CIN No: L65991MH1999PLC123027 | Trustee Company: HDFC Trustee Company Limited ed Office: HDFC House, 2nd Floor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. CIN No. U65991MH1999PLC123026 Website of the entities: www.hdfcfund.com --- Page 2 --- 2 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM pending litigations etc. investors should, before investment, refer to the Scheme Information Document (“SID”) and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) available free of cost at any of the Investor Service Centres or distributors or from the website www.hdfcfund.com. The Scheme particulars have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996 (“SEBI (MF) Regulations”), as amended till date, and filed with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The units being offered for public subscription have not been approved or disapproved by SEBI, nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of this KIM. This Key Information Memorandum is dated May 30, 2025. 1. Name of Scheme HDFC Large Cap Fund 2. Type of Scheme An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks 3. Category of Scheme Large Cap Fund 4. SEBI Scheme Code HDFC/O/E/LCF/96/10/0004 5. Investment Objective To provide long-term capital appreciation/income by investing predominantly in Large-Cap companies. There is no assurance that the investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved. 6. Asset Allocation Pattern of the Scheme Instruments Indicative allocations (% of total assets) Minimum Maximum Equity and Equity Related Instruments of Large Cap Companies 80 100 Equity and Equity related instruments other than above 0 20 Debt Securities (including securitised debt) and money market instruments 0 20 Units issued by REITs and InvITs 0 10 Non-convertible preference shares 0 10 Investment universe of “Large Cap”: --- Table 1 (Page 2) --- Instruments | Indicative allocations (% of total assets) Minimum | Maximum Equity and Equity Related Instruments of Large Cap Companies | 80 | 100 Equity and Equity related instruments other than above | 0 | 20 Debt Securities (including securitised debt) and money market instruments | 0 | 20 Units issued by REITs and InvITs | 0 | 10 Non-convertible preference shares | 0 | 10 --- Page 3 --- 3 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM • The investment universe of “Large Cap” shall comprise companies as defined by SEBI from time to time. • In terms of 2.7.1 of Master Circular, the universe of “Large Cap” shall consist of 1st to 100th company in terms of full market capitalization and that the Scheme will be required to adhere the following: − The list of stocks of Large Cap companies prepared by AMFI in this regard will be adopted. − The said list would be uploaded on the AMFI website and would be updated every six months based on the data as on the end of June and December of each year or periodically as specified by SEBI. − Subsequent to any updation in the said list as uploaded by AMFI, the portfolio of the Scheme will be rebalanced within a period of one month. As per clause 12.24.1 of Master Circular, the cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, derivative positions (including fixed income derivatives), repo transactions and Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), other permitted securities/assets and such other securities/ assets as may be permitted by SEBI from time to time shall not exceed 100% of the net assets of the Scheme. Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars) SR. No Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references 1. Securities Lending a) Upto 40% of the net assets b) Higher of Rs. 5 crores or 10% of the net assets at single intermediary level i.e. broker level Clause 12.11 of Master Circular 2. Derivatives (For Hedging and Non Hedging) Upto 100% of the total assets Clause 12.25 of Master Circular 3. Securitised Debt As per asset allocation table above Clause 12.15 of Master Circular 4. Structured obligations or credit enhancements As per asset allocation table above subject to regulatory limits Clause 12.3 of Master Circular 5. Repo/ Reverse Repo / Tri- Party repos (TREPS) on Government Securities and Treasury Bills (G- Secs and T-Bills) To meet liquidity requirements or pending deployment as per regulatory limits. Clause 1 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations 6. Credit Default Swaps Upto 10% of AUM of scheme and shall be within the overall limit of derivatives Clause 12.28 of Master Circular 7. Instruments with special features AT1 and AT2 Bonds a) Upto 10% of its NAV of the debt portfolio of the scheme in perpetual debt instruments and b) Upto 5% of its NAV of Clause 12.2 of Master Circular --- Table 1 (Page 3) --- SR. No | Type of Instrument | Percentage of exposure | Circular references 1. | Securities Lending | a) Upto 40% of the net assets b) Higher of Rs. 5 crores or 10% of the net assets at single intermediary level i.e. broker level | Clause 12.11 of Master Circular 2. | Derivatives (For Hedging and Non Hedging) | Upto 100% of the total assets | Clause 12.25 of Master Circular 3. | Securitised Debt | As per asset allocation table above | Clause 12.15 of Master Circular 4. | Structured obligations or credit enhancements | As per asset allocation table above subject to regulatory limits | Clause 12.3 of Master Circular 5. | Repo/ Reverse Repo / Tri- Party repos (TREPS) on Government Securities and Treasury Bills (G- Secs and T-Bills) | To meet liquidity requirements or pending deployment as per regulatory limits. | Clause 1 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations 6. | Credit Default Swaps | Upto 10% of AUM of scheme and shall be within the overall limit of derivatives | Clause 12.28 of Master Circular 7. | Instruments with special features AT1 and AT2 Bonds | a) Upto 10% of its NAV of the debt portfolio of the scheme in perpetual debt instruments and b) Upto 5% of its NAV of | Clause 12.2 of Master Circular --- Page 4 --- 4 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM the debt portfolio of the scheme at single issuer level. The above exposure will be subject to the overall limit for debt instruments issued by a single issuer and other prudential limits with respect to the debt instruments. 8. REITs and InvITs a) Upto 10% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvIT b) Upto 5% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvIT at single issuer level. Clause 13 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations and Clause 12.21 of Master Circular 9. Overseas Securities Upto 35% of the total assets Clause 12.19 of Master Circular read with SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD- 1/P/CIR/149 dated November 04, 2024 10. Repo/ Reverse Repo in permitted corporate debt securities Upto 10% of the net assets Clause 12.18 of Master Circular 11. Short Term deposits As per regulatory limits Clause 8 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations and Clause 12.16 of Master Circular 12. Mutual Fund Units Upto 5% of the net assets of the Mutual Fund (i.e. across all the schemes of the Fund Clause 4 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations In addition to the instruments stated in the table above, the Scheme may undertake Short Selling and such other transactions in accordance with guidelines issued by SEBI and the scheme may also hold cash from time to time. Changes in asset allocation pattern/Portfolio Rebalancing: Short Term Defensive Consideration: Subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations the asset allocation pattern indicated above may change from time to time, keeping in view market conditions, market opportunities, applicable regulations and political and economic factors. It must be clearly understood that the percentages stated above are only indicative and not absolute and that they can vary substantially depending upon the perception of the Investment Manager, the intention being at all times to seek to protect the interests of the Unit holders. As per clause 1.14.1.2.b of Master Circular, as may be amended from time to time, such changes in the investment pattern will be for short term and for defensive consideration only. In the event of change in the asset allocation, the fund manager will carry out portfolio rebalancing within 30 calendar days or such other timeline as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. --- Table 1 (Page 4) --- | | the debt portfolio of the scheme at single issuer level. The above exposure will be subject to the overall limit for debt instruments issued by a single issuer and other prudential limits with respect to the debt instruments. | 8. | REITs and InvITs | a) Upto 10% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvIT b) Upto 5% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvIT at single issuer level. | Clause 13 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations and Clause 12.21 of Master Circular 9. | Overseas Securities | Upto 35% of the total assets | Clause 12.19 of Master Circular read with SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD- 1/P/CIR/149 dated November 04, 2024 10. | Repo/ Reverse Repo in permitted corporate debt securities | Upto 10% of the net assets | Clause 12.18 of Master Circular 11. | Short Term deposits | As per regulatory limits | Clause 8 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations and Clause 12.16 of Master Circular 12. | Mutual Fund Units | Upto 5% of the net assets of the Mutual Fund (i.e. across all the schemes of the Fund | Clause 4 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations --- Page 5 --- 5 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM Portfolio rebalancing (in case of passive breaches): As per clause 2.9 of Master Circular, as may be amended/ clarified from time to time, in the event of change in the asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of instances not arising out of omission and commission of the AMC), the fund manager is required to carry out portfolio rebalancing within 30 Business Days. In case the portfolio is not rebalanced within the period of 30 Business days, justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee, if it so desires, can extend the timeline for rebalancing up to sixty (60) Business days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. In case the portfolio of the scheme is not rebalanced within the aforementioned mandated plus extended timelines, the AMC shall follow the requirements specified under the aforesaid circular including reporting the deviation to Trustees at each stage. 7. Investment Strategy The investment objective of the Scheme is to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing predominantly in Large-Cap companies. The Scheme will maintain a minimum exposure of 80% to Large- Cap stocks. The Scheme may also invest upto 20% of AUM in debt and money market securities. The Scheme will remain diversified across key sectors and economic variables. The Scheme may also invest in the hybrid securities viz. units of REITs and InvITs for diversification and subject to necessary stipulations by SEBI from time to time. Subject to the Regulations and the applicable guidelines, the Scheme may engage in Stock Lending activities. Investment in debt securities will be guided by credit quality, liquidity, interest rates and their outlook. The Scheme may also invest in the schemes of Mutual Funds in terms of the prevailing SEBI (MF) Regulations. As part of the Fund Management process, the Scheme may use derivative instruments such as futures and options, or any other derivative instruments that are permissible or may be permissible in future under applicable regulations. However, trading in derivatives by the Scheme shall be for restricted purposes as permitted by the regulations. For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI. For exposure limits to derivatives, refer section ‘Where will the scheme invest’ under Section II, Part II, Clause A in the SID. Though every endeavour will be made to achieve the objective of the Scheme, the AMC/Sponsor/Trustee do not guarantee that the investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved. No guaranteed returns are being offered under the Scheme. 8. Risk Profile of the Scheme --- Page 6 --- 6 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM Mutual Fund Units involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal. Please read the SID carefully for details on risk factors before investment. Scheme specific Risk Factors are summarized below: (i) Risk factors associated with investing in equities and equity related instruments ● Equity shares and equity related instruments are volatile and prone to price fluctuations on a daily basis. Investments in equity shares and equity related instruments involve a degree of risk and investors should not invest in the Scheme unless they can afford to take the risks. ● Securities, which are not quoted on the stock exchanges, are inherently illiquid in nature and carry a larger amount of liquidity risk, in comparison to securities that are listed on the exchanges. Investment in such securities may lead to increase in the scheme portfolio risk. ● While securities that are listed on the stock exchange carry lower liquidity risk, the ability to sell these investments is limited by the overall trading volume on the stock exchanges and may lead to the Scheme incurring losses till the security is finally sold. ● Scheme's performance may differ from the benchmark index to the extent of the investments held in the debt segment, as per the investment pattern indicated under normal circumstances. (ii) Risk factors associated with investing in Fixed Income Securities • The Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Scheme, to the extent invested in Debt and Money Market instruments, will be affected by changes in the general level of interest rates. The NAV of the Scheme is expected to increase from a fall in interest rates while it would be adversely affected by an increase in the level of interest rates. • Money market instruments, while fairly liquid, lack a well developed secondary market, which may restrict the selling ability of the Scheme and may lead to the Scheme incurring losses till the security is finally sold. • Investments in money market instruments involve credit risk commensurate with short term rating of the issuers. • Investment in Debt instruments are subject to varying degree of credit risk or default (i.e. the risk of an issuer's inability to meet interest or principal payments on its obligations) or any other issues, which may have their credit ratings downgraded. Changes in financial conditions of an issuer, changes in economic and political conditions in general, or changes in economic or and political conditions specific to an issuer, all of which are factors that may have an adverse impact on an issuer's credit quality and security values. This may increase the risk of the portfolio. The Investment Manager will endeavour to manage credit risk through in-house credit analysis. • Prepayment Risk: Certain fixed income securities give an issuer the right to call back its securities before their maturity date, in periods of declining interest rates. The possibility of such prepayment may force the Scheme to reinvest the proceeds of such investments in securities offering lower yields, resulting in lower interest income for the Scheme. • Reinvestment Risk: This risk refers to the interest rate levels at which cash flows received from the securities in the Scheme are reinvested. The additional income from reinvestment is the "interest on interest" component. The risk is that the rate at which interim cash flows can be reinvested may be lower than that originally assumed. • Settlement risk: Different segments of Indian financial markets have different settlement periods and such periods may be extended significantly by unforeseen circumstances. Delays or other problems in settlement of transactions could result in temporary periods --- Page 7 --- 7 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM when the assets of the Scheme are uninvested and no return is earned thereon. The inability of the Scheme to make intended securities purchases, due to settlement problems, could cause the Scheme to miss certain investment opportunities. Similarly, the inability to sell securities held in the Scheme's portfolio, due to the absence of a well developed and liquid secondary market for debt securities, may result at times in potential losses to the Scheme in the event of a subsequent decline in the value of securities held in the Scheme's portfolio. • Government securities where a fixed return is offered run price-risk like any other fixed income security. Generally, when interest rates rise, prices of fixed income securities fall and when interest rates drop, the prices increase. The extent of fall or rise in the prices is a function of the existing coupon, days to maturity and the increase or decrease in the level of interest rates. The new level of interest rate is determined by the rates at which government raises new money and/or the price levels at which the market is already dealing in existing securities. The price-risk is not unique to Government Securities. It exists for all fixed income securities. However, Government Securities are unique in the sense that their credit risk generally remains zero. Therefore, their prices are influenced only by movement in interest rates in the financial system. • Different types of fixed income securities in which the Scheme would invest as given in the Scheme Information Document carry different levels and types of risk. Accordingly, the Scheme risk may increase or decrease depending upon its investment pattern. e.g. corporate bonds carry a higher level of risk than Government securities. Further even among corporate bonds, AAA rated bonds are comparatively less risky than AA rated bonds. • The AMC may, considering the overall level of risk of the portfolio, invest in lower rated / unrated securities offering higher yields as well as zero coupon securities that offer attractive yields. This may increase the absolute level of risk of the portfolio. • As zero coupon securities do not provide periodic interest payments to the holder of the security, these securities are more sensitive to changes in interest rates and are subject to issuer default risk. Therefore, the interest rate risk of zero coupon securities is higher. The AMC may choose to invest in zero coupon securities that offer attractive yields. This may increase the risk of the portfolio. Zero coupon or deep discount bonds are debt obligations that do not entitle the holder to any periodic payment of interest prior to maturity or a specified date when the securities begin paying current interest and therefore, are generally issued and traded at a discount to their face values. The discount depends on the time remaining until maturity or the date when securities begin paying current interest. It also varies depending on the prevailing interest rates, liquidity of the security and the perceived credit risk of the Issuer. The market prices of zero coupon securities are generally more volatile than the market prices of securities that pay interest periodically. • Risks associated with investment in unlisted securities: Except for any security of an associate or group company, the scheme can invest in securities which are not listed on a stock exchange (“unlisted Securities”) which in general are subject to greater price fluctuations, less liquidity and greater risk than those which are traded in the open market. Unlisted debt securities may lack a liquid secondary market and there can be no assurance that the Scheme will realise their investments in unlisted securities at a fair value. • Investment in unrated instruments may involve a risk of default or decline in market value higher than rated instruments due to adverse economic and issuer-specific developments. Such investments display increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment. The market values for unrated investments tends to be more volatile and such securities tend to be less liquid than rated debt securities. --- Page 8 --- 8 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM (iii) Risks associated with Investing in Structured Obligation (SO) & Credit Enhancement (CE) rated securities The risks factors stated below for the Structured Obligations & Credit Enhancement are in addition to the risk factors associated with debt instruments. • Credit rating agencies assign CE rating to an instrument based on any identifiable credit enhancement for the debt instrument issued by an issuer. The credit enhancement could be in various forms and could include guarantee, shortfall undertaking, letter of comfort, etc. from another entity. This entity could be either related or non-related to the issuer like a bank, financial institution, etc. Credit enhancement could include additional security in form of pledge of shares listed on stock exchanges, etc. SO transactions are asset backed/ mortgage backed securities, securitized paper backed by hypothecation of car loan receivables, securities backed by trade receivables, credit card receivables etc. Hence, for CE rated instruments evaluation of the credit enhancement provider, as well as the issuer is undertaken to determine the issuer rating. In case of SO rated issuer, the underlying loan pools or securitization, etc. is assessed to arrive at rating for the issuer. • Liquidity Risk: SO rated securities are often complex structures, with a variety of credit enhancements. Debt securities lack a well-developed secondary market in India, and due to the credit enhanced nature of CE securities as well as structured nature of SO securities, the liquidity in the market for these instruments is adversely affected compared to similar rated debt instruments. Hence, lower liquidity of such instruments, could lead to inability of the scheme to sell such debt instruments and generate liquidity for the scheme or higher impact cost when such instruments are sold. • Credit Risk: The credit risk of debt instruments which are CE rated is based on the combined strength of the issuer as well as the structure. Hence, any weakness in either the issuer or the structure could have an adverse credit impact on the debt instrument. The weakness in structure could arise due to inability of the investors to enforce the structure due to issues such as legal risk, inability to sell the underlying collateral or enforce guarantee, etc. In case of SO transactions, comingling risk and risk of servicer increases the overall risk for the securitized debt or assets backed transactions. Therefore, apart from issuer level credit risk such debt instruments are also susceptible to structure related credit risk. (iv) Risk factors associated with investment in Tri-Party Repo The mutual fund is a member of securities segment and Triparty Repo trade settlement of the Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL). All transactions of the mutual fund in government securities and in Tri-party Repo trades are settled centrally through the infrastructure and settlement systems provided by CCIL; Thus, reducing the settlement and counterparty risks considerably for transactions in the said segments. The members are required to contribute an amount as communicated by CCIL from time to time to the default fund maintained by CCIL as a part of the default waterfall (a loss mitigating measure of CCIL in case of default by any member in settling transactions routed through CCIL). As per the waterfall mechanism, after the defaulter's margins and the defaulter's contribution to the default fund have been appropriated, CCIL's contribution is used to meet the losses. Post utilization of CCIL's contribution if there is a residual loss, it is appropriated from the default fund contributions of the non-defaulting members. Thus, the scheme is subject to risk of the --- Page 9 --- 9 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM initial margin and default fund contribution being invoked in the event of failure of any settlement obligations. In addition, the fund contribution is allowed to be used to meet the residual loss in case of default by the other clearing member (the defaulting member). CCIL shall maintain two separate Default Funds in respect of its Securities Segment, one with a view to meet losses arising out of any default by its members from outright and repo trades and the other for meeting losses arising out of any default by its members from Triparty Repo trades. The mutual fund is exposed to the extent of its contribution to the default fund of CCIL, in the event that the contribution of the mutual fund is called upon to absorb settlement/default losses of another member by CCIL, as a result the scheme may lose an amount equivalent to its contribution to the default fund. (v) Risk factors associated with investing in Foreign Securities ● Currency Risk: Moving from Indian Rupee (INR) to any other currency entails currency risk. To the extent that the assets of the Scheme will be invested in securities denominated in foreign currencies, the Indian Rupee equivalent of the net assets, distributions and income may be adversely affected by changes in the value of certain foreign currencies relative to the Indian Rupee. ● Interest Rate Risk: The pace and movement of interest rate cycles of various countries, though loosely co-related, can differ significantly. Hence by investing in securities of countries other than India, the Scheme stand exposed to their interest rate cycles. ● Credit Risk: Investment in Foreign Debt Securities are subject to the risk of an issuer's inability to meet interest and principal payments on its obligations and market perception of the creditworthiness of the issuer. This is substantially reduced since the SEBI (MF) Regulations stipulate investments only in debt instruments with rating not below investment grade by accredited/ed credit rating agency. ● Taxation Risk: In addition to the disclosure related to taxation mentioned in Statement of Additional Information (SAI) under section “Special Consideration”, Investment in Foreign Securities poses additional challenges based on the tax laws of each respective country or jurisdiction. The scheme may be subject to a higher level of taxes than originally anticipated and or dual taxation. The Scheme may be subject to withholding or other taxes on income and/or gains arising from its investment portfolio. Further, such investments are exposed to risks associated with the changing / evolving tax / regulatory regimes of all the countries where the Scheme invests. All these may entail a higher outgo to the Scheme by way of taxes, transaction costs, fees etc. thus adversely impacting its NAV; resulting in lower returns to an Investor. ● Legal and Regulatory Risk: Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Scheme which may adversely affect it. If any of the laws and regulations currently in effect should change or any new laws or regulations should be enacted, the legal requirements to which the Scheme and the investors may be subject could differ materially from current requirements and may materially and adversely affect the Scheme and the investors. Legislation/ Regulatory guidelines could also be imposed retrospectively. --- Page 10 --- 10 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM ● Country Risk: The Country risk arises from the inability of a country, to meet its financial obligations. It is the risk encompassing economic, and political conditions in a foreign country, which might adversely affect foreign investors' financial interests. In addition, country risks would include events such as introduction of extraordinary exchange controls, economic deterioration, bi- lateral conflict leading to immobilisation of the overseas financial assets and the prevalent tax laws of the respective jurisdiction for execution of trades or otherwise. ● To manage risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate exposure, the Mutual Fund may use derivatives for efficient portfolio management including hedging and in accordance with conditions as may be stipulated by SEBI/ RBI from time to time. • Exhaustion of Limit for investments in Overseas Securities: In case the permissible limits for investments in overseas Securities by the Scheme provided by regulatory bodies is reached, then the scheme may not be able to make any further investments in permissible Overseas Securities. This could lead to loss of investment opportunity. (vi) Risk factors associated with investing in Derivatives ● The AMC, on behalf of the Scheme may use various derivative products, from time to time, in an attempt to protect the value of the portfolio and enhance Unit holders' interest. Derivative products are specialized instruments that require investment techniques and risk analysis different from those associated with stocks and bonds. The use of a derivative requires an understanding not only of the underlying instrument but of the derivative itself. Other risks include, the risk of mispricing or improper valuation and the inability of derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying assets, rates and indices. ● Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute such strategies. ● The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments. ● Credit Risk: The credit risk in derivative transaction is the risk that the counter party will default on its obligations and is generally low, as there is no exchange of principal amounts in a derivative transaction. ● Market Risk: Market movements may adversely affect the pricing and settlement of derivatives. ● Illiquidity risk: This is the risk that a derivative cannot be sold or purchased quickly enough at a fair price, due to lack of liquidity in the market. Additional Risk viz. Basis Risk associated with imperfect hedging using Interest Rate Futures (IRF): The imperfect correlation between the prices of securities in the portfolio and the IRF contract used to hedge part of the portfolio leads to basis risk. Thus, the loss on the portfolio may not exactly match the gain from the hedge position entered using the IRF. --- Page 11 --- 11 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM (vii) Risk factors associated with investing in Non- Convertible Preference Shares ● Credit Risk - Credit risk is the risk that an issuer will be unable to meet its obligation of payment of Dividend and/ or redemption of principal amount on the due date. Further, for non- cumulative preference shares, issuer also has an option to not pay Dividends on preference shares in case of inadequate profits in any year. ● Liquidity Risk - The preference shares generally have limited secondary market liquidity and thus we may be forced to hold the instrument till maturity. ● Unsecured in nature - Preference shares are unsecured in nature and rank lower than secured and unsecured debt in hierarchy of payments in case of liquidation. Thus there is significant risk of capital erosion in case the company goes into liquidation. (viii) Risk factors associated with Securities Lending As with other modes of extensions of credit, there are risks inherent to securities lending, including the risk of failure of the other party, in this case the approved intermediary, to comply with the terms of the agreement entered into between the lender of securities i.e. the Scheme and the approved intermediary. Such failure can result in the possible loss of rights to the collateral put up by the borrower of the securities, the inability of the approved intermediary to return the securities deposited by the lender and the possible loss of any corporate benefits accruing to the lender from the securities deposited with the approved intermediary. The scheme may not be able to sell lent out securities, which can lead to temporary illiquidity & loss of opportunity. (ix) Risk factors associated with investing in Securitised Debt The Risks involved in Securitised Papers described below are the principal ones and does not represent that the statement of risks set out hereunder is exhaustive. ● Limited Liquidity & Price Risk There is no assurance that a deep secondary market will develop for the Certificates. This could limit the ability of the investor to resell them. ● Limited Recourse, Delinquency and Credit Risk The Credit Enhancement stipulated represents a limited loss cover to the Investors. These Certificates represent an undivided beneficial interest in the underlying receivables and do not represent an obligation of either the Issuer or the Seller or the originator, or the parent or any affiliate of the Seller, Issuer and Originator. No financial recourse is available to the Certificate Holders against the Investors' Representative. Delinquencies and credit losses may cause depletion of the amount available under the Credit Enhancement and thereby the Investor Payouts to the Certificate Holders may get affected if the amount available in the Credit Enhancement facility is not enough to cover the shortfall. On persistent default of an Obligor to repay his obligation, the Servicer may repossess and sell the Asset. However, many factors may affect, delay or prevent the repossession of such Asset or the length of time required to realise the sale proceeds on such sales. In addition, the price at which such Asset may be sold may be lower than the amount due from that Obligor. ● Risks due to possible prepayments and Charge Offs --- Page 12 --- 12 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM In the event of prepayments, investors may be exposed to changes in tenor and yield. Also, any Charge Offs would result in the reduction in the tenor of the Pass Through Certificates (PTCs). ● Bankruptcy of Bank with Liquidity facility If the Bank with Liquidity facility, becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings then an investor could experience losses or delays in the payments. ● Risk of Co-mingling With respect to the Certificates, the Servicer will deposit all payments received from the Obligors into the Collection Account. However, there could be a time gap between collection by a Servicer and depositing the same into the Collection account especially considering that some of the collections may be in the form of cash. In this interim period, collections from the Loan Agreements may not be segregated from other funds of originator. If originator in its capacity as Servicer fails to remit such funds due to Investors, the Investors may be exposed to a potential loss. (x) Risk factors associated with investments in Perpetual Debt Instrument (PDI) Perpetual Debt instruments are issued by Banks, NBFCs and corporates to improve their capital profile. Some of the PDIs issued by Banks which are governed by the RBI guidelines for Basel III Capital Regulations are referred to as Additional Tier I (AT1 bonds). While there are no regulatory guidelines for issuance of PDIs by corporate bodies, NBFCs issue these bonds as per guidelines issued by RBI. The instruments are treated as perpetual in nature as there is no fixed maturity date. The key risks associated with these instruments are highlighted below: Key Risk Factors: - Risk on coupon servicing Banks As per the terms of the instruments, Banks may have discretion at all times to cancel distributions/ payment of coupons. In the event of non-availability of adequate distributable reserves and surpluses or inadequacy in terms of capital requirements, RBI may not allow banks to make payment of coupons. NBFCs While NBFCs may have discretion at all times to cancel payment of coupon, coupon can also be deferred (instead of being cancelled), in case paying the coupon leads to breach of capital ratios. Corporates Corporates usually have discretion to defer the payment of coupon. However, the coupon is usually cumulative and any deferred coupon shall accrue interest at the original coupon rate of the PDI. - Risk of write-down or conversion into equity Banks As per the regulatory requirements, Banks have to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier-1 (CET-1) ratio of Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs), failing which the AT-1 bonds can get --- Page 13 --- 13 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM written down. Further, AT-1 Bonds are liable to be written down or converted to common equity, at the discretion of RBI, in the event of Point of Non Viability Trigger (PONV). PONV is a point, determined by RBI, when a bank is deemed to have become non-viable unless there is a write off/ conversion to equity of AT-1 Bonds or a public sector capital injection happens. The write off/conversion has to occur prior to public sector injection of capital. This risk is not applicable in case of NBFCs and Corporates. - Risk of instrument not being called by the Issuer Banks The issuing banks have an option to call back the instrument after minimum specified period from the date of issuance, subject to meeting the RBI guidelines. However, if the bank does not exercise the call on first call date, the Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the first call exercise date. NBFCs The NBFC issuer has an option to call back the instrument after minimum specific period as per the regulatory requirement from date of issuance and thereafter, subject to meeting the RBI guidelines. However, if the NBFC does not exercise the call option the Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the first call exercise date. Corporates There is no minimum period for call date. However, if the corporate does not exercise the call option, the Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the call exercise date. (xi) Risk factors associated with Short Selling Short-selling is the sale of shares which are not owned by the seller at the time of trade. Instead, he borrows it from someone who already owns it. Later, the short seller buys back the stock he shorted and returns the stock to close out the loan. If the price of the stock corrects, Short seller can buy the stock back for less than he received for selling it and earn profit (the difference between higher short sale price and the lower purchase price).If the price of stock appreciates, short selling results in loss. Thus, Short positions carry the risk of losing money and these losses may grow theoretically unlimited if the price increases without limit and shall result into major losses in the portfolio. (xii) Risk factors associated with REITs and InvITs: ● Price Risk: Securities/Instruments of REITs and InvITs are volatile and prone to price fluctuations on a daily basis owing to market movements. The extent of fall or rise in the prices is a fluctuation in general market conditions, factors and forces affecting capital market, Real Estate and Infrastructure sectors, level of interest rates, trading volumes, settlement periods and transfer procedures. --- Page 14 --- 14 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM ● Interest Rate Risk: Securities/Instruments of REITs and InvITs run interest rate risk. Generally, when interest rates rise, prices of units fall and when interest rates drop, such prices increase. ● Credit Risk: Credit risk means that the issuer of a REIT/InvIT security/ instrument may default on interest payment or even on paying back the principal amount on maturity. Securities/ Instruments of REITs and InvITs are likely to have volatile cash flows as the repayment dates would not necessarily be pre scheduled. ● Liquidity Risk: This refers to the ease with which securities/instruments of REITs/InvITs can be sold. There is no assurance that an active secondary market will develop or be maintained. Hence there would be time when trading in the units could be infrequent. The subsequent valuation of illiquid units may reflect a discount from the market price of comparable securities/instruments for which a liquid market exists. As these products are new to the market they are likely to be exposed to liquidity risk. ● Reinvestment Risk: Investments in securities/instruments of REITs and InvITs may carry reinvestment risk as there could be repatriation of funds by the Trusts in form of buyback of units or Dividend pay-outs, etc. Consequently, the proceeds may get invested in assets providing lower returns. ● Legal and Regulatory Risk The regulatory framework governing investments in securities/instruments of REITs and InvITs comprises a relatively new set of regulations and is therefore untested, interpretation and enforcement by regulators and courts involves uncertainties. Presently, it is difficult to forecast as to how any new laws, regulations or standards or future amendments will affect the issuers of REITs/InvITs and the sector as a whole. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that the regulatory system will not change in a way that will impair the ability of the Issuers to comply with the regulations, conduct the business, compete effectively or make distributions. (xiii) Risk factors associated for investments in Mutual Fund Schemes 1. Movements in the Net Asset Value (NAV) of these Schemes may impact the performance. Any change in the investment policies or fundamental attributes of these Schemes will affect the performance of the Scheme to the extent of investment in such schemes. 2. Redemptions by in these Schemes would be subject to applicable exit loads. (xiv) General Risk factors • Trading volumes, settlement periods and transfer procedures may restrict the liquidity of the investments made by the Scheme. Different segments of the Indian financial markets have different settlement periods and such periods may be extended significantly by unforeseen circumstances leading to delays in receipt of proceeds from sale of securities. The NAV of the Units of the Scheme can go up or down because of various factors that affect the capital markets in general. • As the liquidity of the investments made by the Scheme could, at times, be restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods, the time taken by the Mutual Fund for redemption of Units --- Page 15 --- 15 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM may be significant in the event of an inordinately large number of redemption requests or restructuring of the Scheme. In view of the above, the Trustee has the right, in its sole discretion, to limit redemptions (including suspending redemptions) under certain circumstances, as described under section Right to Restrict Redemption and / or Suspend Redemption of the units in the SID. • At times, due to the forces and factors affecting the capital market, the Scheme may not be able to invest in securities falling within its investment objective resulting in holding the monies collected by it in cash or cash equivalent or invest the same in other permissible securities / investments amounting to substantial reduction in the earning capability of the Scheme. The Scheme may retain certain investments in cash or cash equivalents for its day-to-day liquidity requirements. • Investment strategy to be adopted by the Scheme may carry the risk of significant variance between the portfolio allocation of the Scheme and the Benchmark particularly over a short to medium term period. • Performance of the Scheme may be affected by political, , and economic developments, which may include changes in government policies, diplomatic conditions, and taxation policies. • The Scheme at times may receive large number of redemption requests, leading to an asset- liability mismatch and therefore, requiring the investment manager to make a distress sale of the securities leading to realignment of the portfolio and consequently resulting in investment in lower yield instruments. For details on risk mitigation measures, please refer SID. 9. Plans/ Options Plans: Regular & Direct Regular and Direct Plans offer the following options: (a) Growth Option (b) Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Option Under this Option, it is proposed to declare income / capital Distribution (IDCW) subject to availability of distributable surplus, as computed in accordance with SEBI (MF) Regulations. Investors should note that distributions can be made out of Equalization Reserves (representing accumulated realized gains), which is part of sale price paid by them. ➢ This Option offers following facilities: • Payout of IDCW (“Payout”) and • Re-investment of IDCW (“Re-investment”) Default Option- Growth Default Facility- Payout For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI. 10. Applicable NAV (after the scheme opens for subscriptions and redemptions) The below cut-off timings and applicability of NAV shall be applicable in respect of valid applications received at the Official Point(s) of Acceptance on a Business Day (During Continuous Offer Period): A] For Purchase (including switch-in) of any amount: --- Page 16 --- 16 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM ● In respect of valid applications received upto 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the entire amount are available for utilization before the cut-off time i.e. credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time - the closing NAV of the day shall be applicable. ● In respect of valid applications received after 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the entire amount are credited to the bank account of the Scheme either at any time on the same day or before the cut-off time of the next Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time of the next Business Day - the closing NAV of the next Business Day shall be applicable. ● Irrespective of the time of receipt of application, where the funds for the entire amount are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - the closing NAV of such subsequent Business Day shall be applicable. B] For Switch-ins of any amount: For determining the applicable NAV, the following shall be ensured: ● Application for switch-in is received before the applicable cut-off time. ● Funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase as per the switch-in request are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time. ● The funds are available for utilization before the cut-off time. ● In case of ‘switch’ transactions from one scheme to another, the allocation shall be in line with redemption payouts. In case of switches, the request should be received on a day which is a Business Day for the Switch-out scheme. Redemption for switch-out shall be processed at the applicable NAV as per cut-off timing. Switch-in will be processed at the Applicable NAV (on a Business Day) based on realization of funds as per the redemption pay-out cycle for the switch-out scheme. For investments through systematic investment routes such as Systematic Investment Plans (SIP), Flex SIP, Systematic Transfer Plans (STP), Flex-STP, Swing STP, Transfer of Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Plan facility (TIP), etc. the units will be allotted as per the closing NAV of the day on which the funds are available for utilization by the Target Scheme irrespective of the installment date of the SIP, STP or record date of IDCW etc. While the AMC will endeavour to deposit the payment instruments accompanying investment application submitted to it with its bank expeditiously, it shall not be liable for delay in realization of funds on account of factors beyond its control such as clearing / settlement cycles of the banks. Since different payment modes have different settlement cycles including electronic transactions (as per arrangements with Payment Aggregators / Banks / Exchanges etc), it may happen that the investor's account is debited, but the money is not credited within cut-off time on the same date to the Scheme's bank account, leading to a gap / delay in Unit allotment. Investors are therefore urged to use the most efficient electronic payment modes to avoid delays in realization of funds and consequently in Unit allotment. C] For Redemption (including switch-out) applications ● In respect of valid applications received upto 3 p.m. on a Business Day by the Fund, same day's closing NAV shall be applicable. --- Page 17 --- 17 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM ● In respect of valid applications received after 3 p.m. on a Business Day by the Fund, the closing NAV of the next Business Day shall be applicable. Transactions through online facilities / electronic modes: The time of transaction done through various online facilities / electronic modes offered by the AMC, for the purpose of determining the applicability of NAV, would be the time when the request for purchase / sale / switch of units is received in the servers of AMC/RTA. The AMC has the right to amend cut off timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations for the smooth and efficient functioning of the Scheme. 11. Minimum Application Amount / Number of Units Purchase (including switch- in) Additional Purchase (including switch-in) Redemption (including switch-out) Rs.100/- and any amount thereafter Note: Allotment of units will be done after deduction of applicable stamp duty and other charges, if any. Rs.100/- and any amount thereafter Note: Allotment of units will be done after deduction of applicable stamp duty and other charges, if any. Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter. Note: There will be no minimum redemption criterion for Unit based redemption. 12. Despatch of Redemption Request Within 3 working days of the receipt of valid redemption request at the Official Points of Acceptance of HDFC Mutual Fund for this Scheme or within such timelines as may be prescribed by SEBI / AMFI from time to time in case of exceptional circumstances or otherwise. 13. Benchmark Index NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) 14. Dividend / IDCW Policy It is proposed to declare IDCW subject to availability of distributable surplus, as computed in accordance with SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. IDCW, if declared, will be paid (subject of deduction of tax at source, if any) to those Unitholders / Beneficial Owners whose names appear in the of Unit holders maintained by the Mutual Fund/ statement of beneficial ownership maintained by the Depositories, as applicable, under the IDCW option as on the Record Date. The IDCW payment shall be transferred to the Unitholders within 7 working days of the record date of such declaration of IDCW or such other timeline as may be specified by SEBI from time to time. In the event of failure to transfer IDCW within the stipulated period, the AMC shall be liable to pay interest @ 15% per annum to the Unitholders for the delay in payment as computed from the Record Date or from such other date or for such period as may be advised by SEBI from time to time. The Trustee/ AMC reserves the right to change the record date from time to time. However, it must be distinctly understood that the actual declaration of IDCW and the frequency thereof will inter alia, depend on the availability of distributable surplus as computed in accordance with SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. The decision of the Trustee in this regard shall be final. --- Table 1 (Page 17) --- Purchase (including switch- in) | Additional Purchase (including switch-in) | Redemption (including switch-out) Rs.100/- and any amount thereafter Note: Allotment of units will be done after deduction of applicable stamp duty and other charges, if any. | Rs.100/- and any amount thereafter Note: Allotment of units will be done after deduction of applicable stamp duty and other charges, if any. | Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter. Note: There will be no minimum redemption criterion for Unit based redemption. --- Page 18 --- 18 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM There is no assurance or guarantee to unit holders as to the rate of IDCW distribution nor that IDCW will be paid regularly. On payment of IDCW, the NAV will stand reduced by the amount of IDCW and IDCW tax (if applicable) paid. 15. Name of the Fund Manager and tenure of managing the Scheme (As on March 31, 2025) Rahul Baijal 2 Years,8 Months Dhruv Muchhal 1 Year,9 Months 16. Name of the Trustee Company HDFC Trustee Company Limited 17. Performance of the Scheme (as at March 31, 2025) (Benchmarked to the Total Returns Index (TRI) Variant of the Index) HDFC Large Cap Fund - Regular Plan - Growth Option Absolute returns for each financial year for last 5 years^ Period Returns (%)^$$ Benchmark Returns (%)# Last 1 Year 4.98 6.14 Last 3 Years 15.80 12.11 Last 5 Years 25.59 23.82 Since Inception* 18.68 NA ^ Past performance may or may not be sustained in the future Returns greater than one year are compounded annualized (CAGR). * Inception Date: 11-10-1996 # NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) Since inception returns are calculated on Rs. 10 (allotment price). $$ All IDCW declared prior to the splitting of the Scheme into IDCW & Growth Options are assumed to be reinvested in the units of the Scheme at the then prevailing NAV (ex-IDCW NAV). HDFC Large Cap Fund - Direct Plan - Growth Option Absolute returns for each financial year for last 5 years^ --- Table 1 (Page 18) --- Rahul Baijal | 2 Years,8 Months Dhruv Muchhal | 1 Year,9 Months --- Table 2 (Page 18) --- HDFC Large Cap Fund - Regular Plan - Growth Option | Absolute returns for each financial year for last 5 years^ Period Returns Benchmark (%)^$$ Returns (%)# Last 1 Year 4.98 6.14 Last 3 Years 15.80 12.11 Last 5 Years 25.59 23.82 Since Inception* 18.68 NA ^ Past performance may or may not be sustained in the future Returns greater than one year are compounded annualized (CAGR). * Inception Date: 11-10-1996 # NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) Since inception returns are calculated on Rs. 10 (allotment price). $$ All IDCW declared prior to the splitting of the Scheme into IDCW & Growth Options are assumed to be reinvested in the units of the Scheme at the then prevailing NAV (ex-IDCW NAV). | HDFC Large Cap Fund - Direct Plan - Growth Option | Absolute returns for each financial year for last 5 years^ --- Table 3 (Page 18) --- Period | Returns (%)^$$ | Benchmark Returns (%)# Last 1 Year | 4.98 | 6.14 Last 3 Years | 15.80 | 12.11 Last 5 Years | 25.59 | 23.82 Since Inception* | 18.68 | NA --- Page 19 --- 19 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM Period Returns (%)^ Benchmark Returns (%)# Last 1 Year 5.61 6.14 Last 3 Years 16.48 12.11 Last 5 Years 26.33 23.82 Since Inception* 14.19 13.54 ^ Past performance may or may not be sustained in the future Returns greater than one year are compounded annualized (CAGR). *Inception Date: 1/1/2013 # NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) Since inception returns are calculated on Rs. 228.943 (allotment price) For Riskometer of Scheme and Benchmark, kindly refer cover page. 18. Additional Scheme related Disclosures • Scheme’s portfolio holdings - https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory- disclosure/portfolio/monthly-portfolio • Portfolio Turnover Ratio (March 31, 2025) Without Derivatives - 12.76% With Derivatives - 12.76% 19. Expenses of the Scheme Continuous Offer period 1. Load Structure Exit Load: - In respect of each purchase / switch-in of Units, an Exit Load of 1.00% is payable if Units are redeemed/ switched-out within 1 year from the date of allotment. '- No Exit Load is payable if Units are redeemed / switched-out after 1 year from the date of allotment. (i) No Exit Load shall be levied for switching between Plans / Options within the Scheme. However, exit load will be applicable if the units are switched-out / redeemed from the Scheme within the exit load period from the initial date of purchase. (ii) No Exit load will be levied on Bonus Units and on units allotted on Re-investment of Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal. (iii) No Exit load will be levied on Units allotted in the Target Scheme under the Transfer of Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Plan Facility (TIP Facility). --- Table 1 (Page 19) --- Period Returns Benchmark (%)^ Returns (%)# Last 1 Year 5.61 6.14 Last 3 Years 16.48 12.11 Last 5 Years 26.33 23.82 Since Inception* 14.19 13.54 ^ Past performance may or may not be sustained in the future Returns greater than one year are compounded annualized (CAGR). *Inception Date: 1/1/2013 # NIFTY 100 Total Returns Index (TRI) Since inception returns are calculated on Rs. 228.943 (allotment price) | --- Table 2 (Page 19) --- Period | Returns (%)^ | Benchmark Returns (%)# Last 1 Year | 5.61 | 6.14 Last 3 Years | 16.48 | 12.11 Last 5 Years | 26.33 | 23.82 Since Inception* | 14.19 | 13.54 --- Page 20 --- 20 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM (iv) In case of Systematic Transactions such as Systematic Investment Plan (SIP), Flex Systematic Investment Plan (Flex SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan (STP), HDFC Flex Systematic Transfer Plan (Flex STP), HDFC Swing Systematic Transfer Plan (Swing STP), HDFC Flexindex Plan (Flexindex) etc., Exit Load, if any, prevailing on the date of registration / enrolment shall be levied. The Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the load structure from a prospective date. 2. Recurring Expenses (% p.a. of daily Net Assets) Maximum Total Expense Ratio under Regulation 52 (6): On the first Rs.500 crores of the daily net assets - 2.25% p.a. On the next Rs.250 crores of the daily net assets - 2.00% p.a. On the next Rs.1,250 crores of the daily net assets - 1.75% p.a. On the next Rs.3,000 crores of the daily net assets - 1.60% p.a. On the next Rs.5,000 crores of the daily net assets - 1.50% p.a. On the next Rs.40,000 crores of the daily net assets - Total expense ratio reduction of 0.05% for every increase of Rs.5,000 crores of daily net assets or part thereof. On balance of the assets - 1.05% p.a. Actual expenses (inclusive of GST on Management fees and additional TER) for the previous financial year ended March 31, 2025 (Unaudited): • Regular Plan: 1.61% p.a. • Direct Plan: 1.01% p.a. Direct Plan under the Scheme shall have a lower expense ratio than Regular Plan, excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc., and no commission shall be paid from Direct Plan. All fees and expenses charged in a Direct Plan (in percentage terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory fee shall not exceed the fees and expenses charged under such heads in a Regular Plan. For the actual current expenses being charged, the investor should refer to the website of the mutual fund. for Total Expense Ratio (TER) - https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory- disclosure/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes/reports for factsheet – https://www.hdfcfund.com/investor-services/factsheets The maximum limit of recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme would be as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulation, 1996. Investors are requested to read “Section- Annual Scheme Recurring Expenses” in the SID. 20. Tax Treatment for the Investors (Unit Holders) Investors are advised to refer to the details in the Statement of Additional Information and also independently refer to their tax advisor. 21. Daily Net Asset Value (NAV) Publication The AMC shall update the NAVs By 11.00 p.m. on every Business day on the website(s) of AMC and AMFI. --- Page 21 --- 21 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM 22. For Investor Grievances, Please Investors may any of the Investor Service Centres (ISCs) of the AMC for any queries / clarifications at telephone number 1800 3010 6767/ 1800 419 7676 (toll free), e-mail: hello@hdfcfund.com. Registrar and Transfer Agent: Computer Age Management Services Ltd., Unit: HDFC Mutual Fund 5th Floor, Rayala Tower, 158, Anna Salai, Chennai - 600 002. Telephone No: 044-30212816 Fax No: 044-42032955 Email: enq_h@camsonline.com 23. Unit Holder’s Information Email ID for communication: First / Sole Holders should their own email address and mobile number in their folio for speed and ease of communication in a convenient and cost-effective manner, and to help prevent fraudulent transactions. Account Statements: 1. The AMC shall send an allotment confirmation specifying the units allotted by way of email and/or SMS within 5 working days of receipt of valid application/transaction to the Unit holders ed e-mail address and/ or mobile number (whether units are held in demat mode or in account statement form). 2. A Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) detailing all the transactions across all mutual funds and holdings at the end of the month shall be sent to the Unit holders in whose folio(s) transaction(s) have taken place during the month on ed email address on or before 12th of the succeeding month and by 15th of the succeeding month for those who have opted for physical copy. 3. Half-yearly CAS shall be issued to all investors providing the prescribed details across all schemes of mutual funds and securities held in dematerialized form across demat accounts, if applicable, at the end of every six months (i.e. September/ March) on or before 18th day of succeeding month on ed email address and 21st day of succeeding month through physical copy for those who do not have ed email addresses. For further details, refer SAI. Periodic Disclosures: Sr. no. Name of the Disclosure Frequency Timelines Disclosed on Link 1. Half Yearly Results (Unaudited) Half yearly within one month from the close of each half year i.e. on 31st March and on 30th September. AMC website AMFI website https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/scheme-financials https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data --- Table 1 (Page 21) --- Investors may any of the Investor Service Centres (ISCs) of the AMC for any queries / clarifications at telephone number 1800 3010 6767/ 1800 419 7676 (toll free), e-mail: hello@hdfcfund.com. | Registrar and Transfer Agent: Computer Age Management Services Ltd., Unit: HDFC Mutual Fund 5th Floor, Rayala Tower, 158, Anna Salai, Chennai - 600 002. Telephone No: 044-30212816 Fax No: 044-42032955 Email: enq h@camsonline.com --- Table 2 (Page 21) --- Sr. no. | Name of the Disclosure | Frequency | Timelines | Disclosed on | Link 1. | Half Yearly Results (Unaudited) | Half yearly | within one month from the close of each half year i.e. on 31st March and on 30th September. | AMC website AMFI website | https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/scheme-financials https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data --- Page 22 --- 22 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM 2. Annual Report Annually not later than four months from the date of closure of the relevant account’s year (i.e. 31st March each year). AMC website AMFI website https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/annual-reports https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data 3. Daily Performance Disclosure (after scheme completes six months of existence) Daily - AMFI website amfiindia.com/re- information/other-data/mf-scheme- performance-details 4. Portfolio Disclosure Monthly/ Half yearly within 10 days from the close of each month/half- year respectively. AMC website AMFI website https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/portfolio/monthly- portfolio https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/scheme-financials https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data 5. Monthly Average Asset under Management (Monthly AAUM) Disclosure Monthly within 7 working days from the end of the month. AMC website https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/aum 6. Scheme and Benchmark Riskometer Monthly within 10 days from the close of each month. AMC website AMFI website Monthly Portfolio - HDFC Mutual Fund (hdfcfund.com) https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data --- Table 1 (Page 22) --- 2. | Annual Report | Annually | not later than four months from the date of closure of the relevant account’s year (i.e. 31st March each year). | AMC website AMFI website | https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/annual-reports https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data 3. | Daily Performance Disclosure (after scheme completes six months of existence) | Daily | - | AMFI website | amfiindia.com/re- information/other-data/mf-scheme- performance-details 4. | Portfolio Disclosure | Monthly/ Half yearly | within 10 days from the close of each month/half- year respectively. | AMC website AMFI website | https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/portfolio/monthly- portfolio https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/scheme-financials https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data 5. | Monthly Average Asset under Management (Monthly AAUM) Disclosure | Monthly | within 7 working days from the end of the month. | AMC website | https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory -disclosure/aum 6. | Scheme and Benchmark Riskometer | Monthly | within 10 days from the close of each month. | AMC website AMFI website | Monthly Portfolio - HDFC Mutual Fund (hdfcfund.com) https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/accounts- data --- Page 23 --- 23 HDFC Large Cap Fund - KIM 7. Scheme Summary Documents Monthly To be updated on a monthly basis or on changes in any of the specified fields, whichever is earlier. AMC website AMFI website BSE website NSE website https://www.hdfcfund.com/investor- services/fund-documents/scheme- summary https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/scheme- details https://www.bseindia.com/Static/M arkets/MutualFunds/listOfAmc.aspx https://www.nseindia.com/ 8. Investor Charter - As and when updated AMC website https://files.hdfcfund.com/s3fs- public/2024- 05/Investor%20Charter%20- %20MF.pdf?_gl=1*1jtk2cr*_gcl_au* MTMzMDQ3NzExNS4xNzE1MjMw MzIw IMPORTANT Before investing, investors should also ascertain about any further changes pertaining to scheme such as features, load structure, etc. made to the Scheme Information Document/ Key Information Memorandum by issue of addenda/ notice after the date of this Document from the AMC/ Mutual Fund/ Investor Service Centres (ISCs)/ Website/ Distributors or Brokers or Investment Advisers holding valid registrations. --- Table 1 (Page 23) --- 7. | Scheme Summary Documents | Monthly | To be updated on a monthly basis or on changes in any of the specified fields, whichever is earlier. | AMC website AMFI website BSE website NSE website | https://www.hdfcfund.com/investor- services/fund-documents/scheme- summary https://www.amfiindia.com/researc h-information/other-data/scheme- details https://www.bseindia.com/Static/M arkets/MutualFunds/listOfAmc.aspx https://www.nseindia.com/ 8. | Investor Charter | - | As and when updated | AMC website | https://files.hdfcfund.com/s3fs- public/2024- 05/Investor%20Charter%20- %20MF.pdf? gl=1*1jtk2cr* gcl au* _ _ _ MTMzMDQ3NzExNS4xNzE1MjMw MzIw